# X-Team 10 Project Proposal

See https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet#code for tips on using *Markdown* tags to format __.md__ files

## Goal

Work as a team to create a project proposal for your X-team to complete together.
The project does not have to be extremely difficult,
but there must be work to do for each member of your team.
You may reference figures using "See figure 1".  
Be sure to submit corresponding image files, i.e. figure1.png (or figure1.jpg) for each figure.

## Grading: To earn full credit, your team's proposal must include:

* (md) documentation: [this file] describing purpose and use of your program

* Description of a program that has:

  ** a main Java program class in a file named Main.java
  
  ** a custom data structure designed and built by your team
  
  ** comprehensive testing of individual units
  
 Caution: You are not being asked to implement this program, at least not yet. 
 We just want your group to make a proposal or pitch for your program.
 
 Tip: Your custom data structure can be composed of or extensions of data structures that you have learned and used in previous programming assignments.  We're looking for decisions about how to build a high-level data structure that will likely have lower-level components.

## Problem Description

Briefly describe a problem that your team would like to solve.  
Describe at a high level a program that could solve that problem.

Our team would like to help airlines book passengers on their flights in an efficient manner.  To do this, we'll be used a custom
hash table implmentation that assigns an array to each place in the map.  The arrays represent flights, and each spot in the array represents a seat for a passenger to fill.  The table will be sorted based on a hash code generated by Java and the passengers would be based on a custom Passenger class created by us.  The arrays themselves will be sorted by seat letter/number.

## Questions to answer for Exercise #2

1. Name: Give your project proposal a name (and edit the top line of this file)  
AirlineHashTable

2. Output: Describe the output your program will produce.  Include and example format of the output produced.  
   
Print Manifest: Prints a list of passengers (either in seat-number order or alphabetical)  
- - - *Example 1:* FLIGHT 99 SEAT NUMBER MANIFEST: 1: CBlah, 2: ABlah, 3: DBlah, 4: BBlah,...  
*Example 2:* FLIGHT 99 ALPHABETICAL MANIFEST: 1: ABlah, 2: BBlah, 3: CBlah, 4: DBlah,... 
  
Print Flights: Prints flight numbers in ascending order  
*Example:* FLIGHTS: Flight 1, Flight 2, Flight 3,...

3. Input: Describe the data that is needed to solve your problem. Include an example format of the input data.



4. User Interface: Describe a user interface for your program.  Use text menus or a simple graphic user interface.



5. Types List: Break your solution idea down into units that you think can be implemented with a single class.



Name each interface or class and briefly describe its function or purpose.


## Edit and Submit this file and any figures referenced by this document.

